Remove auto detection of app and db in CMSPlugin (#635)
joomla/Manual: updates/64-70/removed-backward-incompatibility.md

  - `UserModel::isValidOtep()`
  - `ProfileModel::getTwofactorform()`
  - `ProfileModel::getOtpConfig()`

## `CMSPlugin` db and app properties removed
- PR: https://github.com/joomla/joomla-cms/pull/47881
- File: libraries/src/Plugin/CMSPlugin.php

> - Description: The autodetection and fill of the `$app` and `$db` properties in the `CMSPlugin` got removed. Inject the database and application in the provider.php. If it is not possible to use the aware trait or inject the application, then use `$this->app = Factory::getApplication();` and `$this->db = Factory::getDbo();` in the constructor of your plugin. For example you can use:

Reviewer: Even if we shouldn't suggest to access the Container directly I would suggest for the "is not possible" part to use the container to the get the database object.

```suggestion
- Description: The autodetection and fill of the `$app` and `$db` properties in the `CMSPlugin` got removed. Inject the database and application in the provider.php. If it is not possible to use the aware trait or inject the application, then use `$this->app = Factory::getApplication();` and `$this->db = Factory::getContainer()->get(DatabaseInterface::class);` in the constructor of your plugin. For example you can use:
```
